yo what's up everybody at sneaker head
of the bay thank you for tuning in and
thank you for watching and coming at you
guys with another unboxing video of a
huge box in my hands right here so yeah
I've been like trying to stop buying
shoes but I just I don't know like
whenever I have free time I go on ebay
and I see all these great deals and it's
now was kind of like I have to slap my
hand like I'm like about to hit the buy
now button and I'm like can't do it bro
we have to save money for your car what
are you doing but yeah um that's kind of
how I got B's it's just I was just
looking on ebay and I actually came up
on this pair right here so whenever I
find a pair for a great deal i just have
to buy it I don't know what it is it's
just something wrong with my mind guys I
think a whole bunch of you guys can
maybe relate to that but we're not using
the rainbow tech knife today we're using
my set of keys see if I could do this
this box is look
freaking big looks like you can fit two
shoe boxes in here I bet these things
are straight I'm swimming inside we're
gonna see right now guy did an awesome
take job yeah let me know in the
comments if you feel the same as far as
buy shoes goes whenever you like search
online or something like that Diaz that
problem we're just like I shouldn't be
buying this but I am anyways yeah that
happens a lot to me at least all right
so you guys probably wondering why shoe
this is you guys can't tell with the
paper oh hell nah what all right all
right yo check this out all right so
some boxer came in right let's shoot
straight up came in a in a Macy's bag
what all right
okay I'm a lipslide it's just a shoe box
it's okay if the condition is pretty
good piece of dust right there the
condition is straight up bashed in we're
not prom here let's see so we got the
nike SB hunters this shoe released in
2004 so this is an older SB actually the
condition is very very nice for 2004
model let me show you guys an up-close
look at this pair right here so y'all
can see the quality and everything let's
get right to it so like I said we have
the nike SB hunters right here if you
all don't like this colorway um the main
reason I got this is because I got a 10
deep long sleeve tee and I think it
matches perfectly just the colors and
everything so that's why I want to get
this pair right here it's actually very
dope to get a nice older SB if you guys
feel what I'm saying because this is
what pretty much what got me into
sneakers just the older SBS so we have
the hunter look right here this material
is straight-up crazy like you know when
you when you're at the park or something
and you're doing those like relay races
or was I the only one that did that we
jump to the potato sack or something you
guys know I'm talking about right don't
make me look look weird or anything yeah
that's like that kind of material right
here and so I'm toe box to and it gives
it that nice like hunter look and I
think this is called like a like a
freakin burlap something material yeah
that's not a tongue as well and just
like the orange makes everything pop
real nice we have the good-looking camo
print right there and this is a dope SB
right here this is going to tear in a
lot of heads and actually has a lot of
detail let me see I don't know if y'all
can see it but the mitzel is actually
dotted a little bit I don't know if
y'all come see that because of lighting
but yeah this is pretty much what it
looks like and I'm just sharing this
video right here because that that
unboxing part where it didn't come into
the box that kind of threw me off a
little bit but yeah anyways this is a
pink box nike SB
it has a little bit of hair on it like
he had a dog or something might have to
clean it out and little sock fuzzies
right here but yeah anyways on this is a
good deal i got these for eighty dollars
shipped for it 2004 pair of nike sb's i
believe these go for around 200 to 300
ish so 80 bucks not bad I had to scoop
it up they will need some work like I
said little like dog hairs every every
now and then I actually need to find a
box for these so yeah if you guys like
this video please hit that like button I
also want to give a big shout out to
Romeo and Josue at the hemi for sending
me out this hoodie you can purchase it
in the description if you guys want it
and I'll catch you guys next video thank
you for watching I'm out peace look I
got something in my hair piece
you